Docs: clarify public API (#4511)
aiidateam/aiida-core: docs/source/reference/api/public.rst

Overview of public API
----------------------

The top-level package of the ``aiida-core`` distribution is called ``aiida``.
It contains various sub-packages that we refer to as "second-level packages".

.. admonition:: Rule
    :class: tip title-icon-lightbulb

    **Any resource that can be imported directly from the top level or from a second-level package is part of the public python API** and intended for external use.
    Resources at deeper nesting level are considered internal and are not intended for use outside ``aiida-core``.

    For example:

    .. code-block:: python

        from aiida import load_profile  # OK, top-level import
        from aiida.orm import QueryBuilder  # OK, second-level import
        from aiida.tools.importexport import Archive # NOT PUBLIC API

.. warning::

>     The implementation of resources that are *not* considered part of the public API can change between minor AiiDA releases.
>     When relying on such resources in scripts or AiiDA plugins, your code can therefore break in between minor AiiDA releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The interface and implementation of resources that are *not* considered part of the public API can change between minor AiiDA releases, and can even be moved or fully removed, without a deprecation period whatsoever.
    Be aware that scripts or AiiDA plugins that rely on such resources, can therefore break unexpectedly in between minor AiiDA releases.
```
